# Banking_App
Just found this code from my childhood. A simple, CLI based, banking simulation application I developed as a kid. I was challenged by my computer teacher to develop an app 'that would work on our school LAN'. I didn't know anything about networking, had never heard the term 'Socket Programming' and so I had a tough time and many sleepless nights creating this 2000 liner code. But, when I successfully sent my first message over the LAN, my instinct was to write a code to chat with my friends in the computer lab over the LAN and I did write it (The other project in this repo).

The app has two cool CLI animation effects, one while loading the user's information and the other while viewing the bank balance (if I remember correctly :/ ). The inspiration for the former was the graphics from the game 'Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare' and that for the latter was 'Need For Speed: Most Wanted'. If you've played the game, you'd be able to relate. ;)

The application code is written in C++ and uses 2nd version of WinSock library to create raw sockets and to communicate over it. Do not expect to see a neat, clean and moduler code with lots of comments. You can expect perfect indentation though! The file 'SERVER.cpp' is the server and the other file 'CLIENT.cpp' is the client(self explanatory). I didn't implement multi-threading (as my final exams were closing in) and didn't implement any sort of encryption ( as I didn't know what encryption was). wxDevC++ IDE (one of the fork of DevC++project by Bloodshed Software) was used to develop this project.
